If you didn't already know, you can code
directly in Warp. We've built a full set
of features that make editing,
reviewing, and navigating your codebase
way easier than in a traditional dev
tool. Let me show you the 10 main
features you'll need to know to get
started. One, you can search for files.
So, you can open up the command pallet
with command P on Mac or control shiftP
on Windows or Linux. From there, press
command O for Mac or control O for Linux
and Windows to activate the file search
mode. Now, I can search and pull up any
file from this interface. This makes it
super simple to jump between files in my
project without having to cd into
directories or remember full paths. Two
is that we have a tabbed file viewer.
When you open files, Warp shows them in
a tabbed view. This avoids the clutter
of split panes that eat up screen space
while still letting you quickly swap
between multiple open files. Third is
that we have full editor support, so you
can literally type and edit code inside
of Warp like you would any other modern
editor. You don't need to memorize Vim
shortcuts to do this. just click around,
highlight text, use, copy, paste, or any
of the normal keyboard shortcuts that
you're used to. Fourth is that we also
support find and replace in Warp's
editor experience. It supports reax,
multicursor editing, replace all, and
even preserve case rules so that
renaming functions and variables is fast
and consistent. Fifth is that Warp also
has syntax highlighting for an extensive
number of different languages and
frameworks. It'll appear in both the
agent generated code diffs and also when
you open up a file in the editor view,
making files way easier to scan
visually. Six is that we have one-click
links to referenced files. So when
Warp's agent mode references a file, it
links directly to that exact line of
code. And by clicking on it, you can
open up that file to that exact line of
code in Warp. This transparency makes it
easy to follow what the agent is doing,
whether it's reading files, tracing
logic, or making a fix. And just note
that in settings under features, you'll
want to set warp as your editor for
these file links so that they open
directly inside your Warp coding view.
Seventh is that we have a code review
panel now. So Warp also gives you a
dedicated panel that summarizes all of
your files and diffs that were touched
by an agent. You can review them at a
glance, approve or edit changes, and
even reference those diffs directly in
your next prompt. This not only reduces
hallucinations, but it also keeps the
agent grounded in your actual code.
Eight is that we have code snippet
references. So, Warp surfaces code
blocks when explaining something about
your codebase. And I like this feature
because you can attach that snippet as
fresh context for your next request.
That way, you don't have to keep the
entire history in memory. You can pass
only the code that matters, which keeps
token usage lean and the agents focus
sharp. Ninth, we have codebase indexing.
So, Warp can automatically index your
repositories, and it makes it
dramatically faster for agents to
summarize large code bases, fix bugs, or
handle refactors because Warp already
understands your project's structure.
And we've added a file tree view. Just
click on this icon to browse your entire
repo and open any file that you need.